she drugged you yes
that night after the party
she put something in my drink
I don't remember anything
after the club she must have taken me to a random hotel
and had a way with me
fuck Blair
is that something you'd say when you're drugged
that's something I'd only say if I was drugged
how could I say that to someone like you
if I was in my right mind
think about it baby
think about it with your head
Jack Marshall
I loved you so deeply and devotedly for so many years
I really did me too
me too
I loved you the same no more
I promise this thing will never happen again
that was a mistake made under the influence
in fact guards take this shameless whore
Connie Rose far away from here
I never wanna see her in our lives again